(Also check TODOs in comments)

Add tags to the list of all tags
the UI sucks
Include a class search for unscheduled approved classes, like the AJAX
    scheduler, or modify AJAX scheduler to link to frontend

Clean up frontend display (e.g. hide stuff or just make it go away, split
sections, display room and section side-by-side, consider ignoring or
reformatting unschedule stuff or rewrite as swap/move)
Frontend should warn that you haven't saved yet

Implement a timeout on search, probably default 10s or something

Bugs:

AJAX scheduler should only link to the Autoscheduler Frontend if said module
exists.

save() should check whether sections are locked before saving, if locked
    classes are excluded
Consider modifying checking code on the save functionality itself?
save() might have an issue if a teacher is teaching a non-recognized class and
it gets moved?
save() can have an issue if someone moves a class after you saved but before
you committed
 - The fix assumes that saving is what takes the most time, and checking is
   cheap. This is probably not a bad assumption but might want to be checked.
search might try to unschedule sections multiple times
pass section scheduling infos in histories in order to detect external changes (frontend)

New features:
Implement a faster search
Return multiple results?

AJAX change log entries can include users

Add the license/LU header to all files

Implement ResourceMovementScorer


Reduce loading times?

Robustness:

save() might want to check to make sure that the lists of teachers teaching each
section don't change either

saving is probably really slow
saving errors should be more informative

be able to deal with schedules with multi-scheduled rooms

Tests and checks:
db tests should load resource criteria, constraints, scorers?
db test for save raising if there's a conflict or if someone moved the class
(??)
model tests for model functions
tests for resource checker
test manipulator, constraints, scoring???

need unittests for schedule operations and saving somehow
unittest for already-scheduled multihour class

scoring student-class-hours should account for classroom capacity

test to be able to handle sections which don't satsify constraints

